Notifications theme v2 (#129)
GetStream/stream-chat-css: docs/theming/component-variables.mdx

## Notification list

| Name                                                | Description                                             |
| --------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- |
| `--str-chat__notification-list-font-family`         | The font used in the component                          |
| `--str-chat__notification-list-color`               | The text/icon color of the component                    |
| `--str-chat__notification-list-background-color`    | The background color of the component                   |
| `--str-chat__notification-list-border-radius`       | The border radius used for the borders of the component |
| `--str-chat__notification-list-border-block-start`  | Top border of the component                             |
| `--str-chat__notification-list-border-block-end`    | Bottom border of the component                          |
| `--str-chat__notification-list-border-inline-start` | Left (right in RTL layout) border of the component      |

> | `--str-chat__notification-list-border-inline-start` | Right (lrft in RTL layout) border of the component      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--str-chat__notification-list-border-inline-end` | Right (left in RTL layout) border of the component      |
```
Typo

Author: Will fix this after the ongoing PRs merged into theming-v2

## Notification

| Name                                           | Description                                             |
| ---------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- |
| `--str-chat__notification-font-family`         | The font used in the component                          |
| `--str-chat__notification-color`               | The text/icon color of the component                    |
| `--str-chat__notification-background-color`    | The background color of the component                   |
| `--str-chat__notification-border-radius`       | The border radius used for the borders of the component |
| `--str-chat__notification-border-block-start`  | Top border of the component                             |
| `--str-chat__notification-border-block-end`    | Bottom border of the component                          |
| `--str-chat__notification-border-inline-start` | Left (right in RTL layout) border of the component      |

> | `--str-chat__notification-border-inline-start` | Right (lrft in RTL layout) border of the component      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--str-chat__notification-border-inline-end` | Right (left in RTL layout) border of the component      |
```

Defined in: [https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-css/blob/main/src/v2/styles/Notification/Notification-theme.scss](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-css/blob/main/src/v2/styles/Notification/Notification-theme.scss)

## Tooltip

| Name                                      | Description                                             |
| ----------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- |
| `--str-chat__tooltip-font-family`         | The font used in the component                          |
| `--str-chat__tooltip-color`               | The text/icon color of the component                    |
| `--str-chat__tooltip-background-color`    | The background color of the component                   |
| `--str-chat__tooltip-border-radius`       | The border radius used for the borders of the component |
| `--str-chat__tooltip-border-block-start`  | Top border of the component                             |
| `--str-chat__tooltip-border-block-end`    | Bottom border of the component                          |
| `--str-chat__tooltip-border-inline-start` | Left (right in RTL layout) border of the component      |

> | `--str-chat__tooltip-border-inline-start` | Right (lrft in RTL layout) border of the component      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--str-chat__tooltip-border-inline-end` | Right (left in RTL layout) border of the component      |
```
